Short:

It is the year 2020 and students are experiencing a new way of life when it comes to getting an education. Students are realizing
they need to adopt a proactive and self-service mindset in to fulfill their academic needs.This is a minor implementation of
an online educational environment and useful tools using Ibm cloud service that helps students and teachers to find and access learning content 
supports this new self-service model.

Long:

In lieu of present Covid stricken world we are moving from a class base learning to remote structure where a certain language barrier 
In this scenario my application will bridge the gap In Discussion section of my application, 
anyone who might be participating in a discussion shall be able to translate the content to a language of their choice. 
And also a student have an option to notify which ever teachers they want for a particular subject
Studies find that active listening to a teacher will help you better remember what you hear and see. But without physical class room how
In file section a Teacher can leave notes for students which can later be converted into audio format and heard by students or 
they can download the note to a language of their choice. Also Teachers can record speech and upload as a note.
Attendance tracking – how to track and check attendance of a student?
Idle time tracking feature essentially logs a person out of their profile if they stay idle more than 10 minutes. 
In full profile section total time and idle time is logged for everyone.
How a teacher can evaluate a student without pen-paper exam??
Students can request a teacher to upload a new quiz. When students are able to evaluate themselves by taking a quiz.
When a teacher is Offline? Who will provide learning content?
The chat bot  that can communicate with students on all subjects of elementary, high school levels. 
User searches for learning courses by giving input grade-level and academic topics question, 
and the chatbot responds with course recommendations and learning content.